Right.
Slide two.
Okay.
A nice picture.
Hold my pen.
Now, why are you taking them just out of... Well, the reason I'm taking them is one of my hobbies.
And my hobbies is albums.
And I'll show you an album.
Okay.
I'm just interested.
I'll show you an album.
Don't be surprised if this doesn't work its way into the story.
I'll show you an album that I keep.
And the album is actually a, that's your hobby.
Yeah.
And before we forget, I want you to describe, I have my copy.
This goes from September to April.
And here, listen, countryside travel.
This is a visit to Finland.
This is a meeting with the foreign minister of Finland, with the president of Finland, with the health minister of Finland, all in 18 hours, and talking to them about satellites.
And I have a lot of it.
It's like a diary.
S-A-T-E-L, capital L-I-F-E, one word.
Right.
Exactly.
And this is Norway where we were promoting stuff.
And you keep your... Everything, everything, everything.
You've got news clips, you've got cartoons.
Cartoons.
A lot of cartoons.
A couple of headlines.
Yeah, cartoons and happenings.
Nuclear testing is the heart of my family.
And here, President Rabin is not a ploy, but he's predicting his own death.
Great.
And here— Interesting, isn't it?
Yeah.
Here's things, a visit to Holland.
And I always go to art museums to Vermeer.
And I get the art of the— This is the Mauritius Museum, and— The famous Rembrandt painting of the Anatomy Lesson.
Prado.
They're lecturing in Prada, and they're staying in a monastery.
So, you don't have any Thomas Bacon paintings there?
I have Thomas Bacon.
Yeah, I do.
And this is Prada, and this is The Glories of Lawn.
Oh, this is wonderful.
The Glories of Lawn.
Look.
Michelangelo.
And David, the David, the marvelous David.
The mayor of Pronto, and here I'm lecturing, and this is detail of the day.
These are on your shots?
Yeah.
Wow.
And these are lecturing to 1,500 high school students in Italy.
And this is Ben Bellum, the president of Algiers, the first one who was 25 years in jail.
And then here is just a student of mine in Italy, just a well-known author.
This is beautiful.
Art, and shopping in Provence, and cartoons from the nation in Cheney to win the Nobel, see?
And here's my—you see?
A major achievement of 1995.
What I told you is the numbering of this book.
The doctor was showing us the photograph of this book.
Yeah.
So it's kind of an interesting thing.
Wait a minute.
What happens, I'll show you.
Here's Howard Zinn, you know, historian.
And this is satellite board meeting.
This is Jerry Rubin, the president of the American Publishers Association.
He's a member of my board.
Maybe you print up these little capsules.
Yeah, I do that myself.
I can see.
This is Ken Galbraith attending the Saga, a celebration of the satellite.
You take people to the symphony.
That was in 95.
Yeah, this is ten years of the Nobel Prize.
International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War.
This we're celebrating the 10th anniversary of the Nobel Prize.
And these are friends.
This is another, Bill Hinton, a great writer.
Oh, this, you know.
Alan Ginsberg.
I think he was in meditation, you know.
And these are my grandchildren.
Every new year, what I do is take all the stamps I received that year, the stamps, and lay them out in patterns.
Seven, five, and these are the people who were my friends.
Everybody who sent me a card, you cut out their name and their return address, and this goes on.
How many albums do you have like this?
This is number 60.
60?
Sixty.
And how long have you been doing this?
Since 1958.
Oh, that's great.
Sixty.
There are thousands of photographs.
Is this a hobby or anything?
Yeah, it's a hobby.
This is my daughter, Anne, from New York.
These are cartoons.
They basically document everything.
Yeah.
The Dean of Harvard.
And who pastes all of these in?
I do.
Everything here.
Here's Alan Guinness with my staff.
Houghton Mifflin is going to publish my book, so they first appear.
And here's a copy of the letter.
Yeah.
And here's my daughter with a birthday party.
See the cartoon?
Marvelous?
And it goes on.
Disneyland.
This is lovely.
Let's see.
Boston Marathon, it ends on.
It ends on the Boston Marathon, and all these.
How come?
Did you ever run it?
No, but every year we watch it outside of our home.
Oh, of course it goes right by here.
Yeah.
So this was a hobby, and this is a retaining memory.
The big struggle in the life is to sustain memory.
I'm going to have a chapter in my new book.
Yeah.
Any other questions?
I think we've covered a lot.
Yeah.
About lots of stuff.
And I have your phone number if I have to.
Right, right, right.
I don't think that'll be necessary.
And this will.
I do write.
Yeah.